QIT the Beaver (#28)
woocommerce/qit-documentation: docs/custom-tests/00-introduction.md

Then he runs the tests and sees them running in a browser:

```qitbash
qit run:e2e qit-the-beaver ./e2e --ui
```

### Publishing the Tests

Satisfied with the results, Beaver decides it's showtime. He uploads the tests to QIT’s platform, a move that simplifies future test runs:

```qitbash
qit upload:test qit-the-beaver ./e2e
```

### Running published tests

Post-upload, running the tests becomes even easier, without needing to specify the path:

```qitbash
qit run:e2e qit-the-beaver
```

To ensure his plugin thrives in diverse environments, QIT experiments with different configurations, replicating conditions reported by users:

```qitbash
qit run:e2e qit-the-beaver \
            --php_version 8.3 \
            --wp rc \
            --woo nightly \
            --plugin cat-pictures \
            --plugin contact-form-7:activate \
            --theme storefront
```

This comprehensive command allows him to test with PHP 8.3, the latest WordPress release candidate, the nightly WooCommerce version, and alongside popular plugins and themes.

### Running Tests from Different Plugins

> The maker or `Cat Pictures` also uploaded their tests to QIT, which means that QIT the Beaver can integrate the tests from the "Cat Pictures" plugin in his test runs. This is done by passing the plugin slug to the `--plugins` flag:

Reviewer: Minor typo:

```suggestion
The maker of `Cat Pictures` also uploaded their tests to QIT, which means that QIT the Beaver can integrate the tests from the "Cat Pictures" plugin in his test runs. This is done by passing the plugin slug to the `--plugin` flag:
```
